What does that mean?
Yandu Li Jiali Focus
To celebrate the success of the Chen family's investment promotion fair
I hereby offer a reward to the Chen family
Limited edition Ferrari 100 cars
100 Pairs of the Former Dynasty's Top Royal Doctrine
24K rubber band 100 boxes
And
Provided by the Holy Dragon Group
Green became famous once in a while
Become a hero
One tens of billions of orders from the first family
Shenglong Group tens of billions of orders
What do you mean?
Who are you and what qualifications do you have?
Give the chestnut order I tore up to the Chen family again.
So let me introduce myself.
My name is Li Junxiao
The person who oversees the Li family
It's Li's fish again
What do you mean?
Don't panic
I'm here today to clarify one thing.
The Li family in Yandu is the largest family
Why did it suddenly perish overnight?
Blame the families for being ruthless
The heart can be killed
Hahaha no
Blame my failed father
stupid
Qingxiang, how can you say that?
Now who doesn't know that elephants have friends?
It could have been replaced by the king long ago
But who would have thought of such a thing?
Suddenly stand up and resist
He also said that he wanted to collect what Wang Yan collaborated with the enemy
Sinner of treason
Isn't this behavior just for fear of chaos?
Don't you deserve death?
Are you saying that the murderer of the Li family was my father?